What about you? Have you ever thought about yourself?
This is my personal business
Nothing to do with you
Please go out
Thanks go out
Sorry father
The rich family is not for me to offend
The only thing I can do now is to get you for free.
Nan Nan
Your wedding dress was customized by Fucheng
Much better than that revival
I can't even bring anything decent
Ok don't cry
How bad would this face be for the rich to see?
Wait here for a while, and I'll go out first.
revival
What are you doing here?
Sister, I miss you so much.
Let go of me let go of me
Let go of me! Who sent you?
Sister, do you really have the heart to hit me for a man?
I don't want you to sacrifice yourself
Everyone in the army
I'll take you away, okay?